# BingAdsAccountSelector
Provides methods to select campaigns by using filtering and sorting.

|Method|Return Type|Description|
|-|-|-
executeInParallel(String functionName, String optionalCallbackFunctionName)|void|Executes the function indicated by functionName on each BingAdsAccount matched by this selector and optionally invokes the callback function indicated by optionalCallbackFunctionName. <br />
executeInParallel(String functionName, String optionalCallbackFunctionName, String optionalInput)|void|Executes the function indicated by functionName on each BingAdsAccount matched by this selector and optionally invokes the callback function indicated by optionalCallbackFunctionName. The optional optionalInput argument will be used in the parallel function execution, if specified. <br />
forDateRange(String dateRange)|[BingAdsAccountSelector](./BingAdsAccountSelector)|Returns a selector by filtering Bing Ads accounts in this selector using the date range provided. Supported values for the date range include:<br /> <br /> TODAY,<br /> YESTERDAY,<br /> LAST_7_DAYS,<br /> THIS_WEEK_SUN_TODAY,<br /> LAST_14_DAYS,<br /> LAST_30_DAYS,<br /> LAST_WEEK_SUN_SAT,<br /> THIS_MONTH,<br /> LAST_MONTH,<br /> ALL_TIME<br /><br />
forDateRange(Object dateFrom, Object dateTo)|[BingAdsAccountSelector](./BingAdsAccountSelector)|Returns a selector by filtering Bing Ads accounts in this selector using the beginning and ending dates provided. The date parameters can be entered as a string in YYYYMMDD format or as an object with year, month and day fields. An example for such an object is <code>{year: 2016, month: 5, day: 13}</code>."<br />
get|[BingAdsAccountIterator](./BingAdsAccountIterator)|Returns an iterator indexing the Bing Ads accounts in this selector.<br />
orderBy(String orderBy)|[BingAdsAccountSelector](./BingAdsAccountSelector)|Returns a selector by specifying the condition for ordering the Bing Ads accounts in this selector. The format for the condition is "columnName orderDirection", for example, "Cost DESC". <br /> <br /> &nbsp;•	columnName can only be one column which is supported by the withCondition method.<br /> &nbsp;•	orderDirection can be either ASC for ascending or DESC for descending. If no order direction is specified, ASC is used by default.<br /> <br /> <code>orderBy()</code> can be invoked multiple times by calling it in sequence as shown by the following example:<br /> <br /> <code>accountSelector = accountSelector.orderBy(“MaxCpc”)<br /> &nbsp;.orderBy("Clicks ASC");</code>        <br />
withCondition(String condition)|[BingAdsAccountSelector](./BingAdsAccountSelector)|Returns a selector by specifying the filtering condition on the Bing Ads accounts in this selector. The format for the condition string is "columnName operator value", for e.g., "AverageCpm > 0.35", where:<br /> <br /> &nbsp;•	columnName must be from the list of supported columns for Bing Ads accounts (see table below).<br /> &nbsp;&nbsp;o	If a Stats column is used in withCondition, it must be preceded by a forDateRange() invocation in the call chain.<br /> &nbsp;•	operator must be from the list of standard operators supported by Bing Ads Scripts.<br /> &nbsp;•	value is a value that falls within the accepted range of values for the data type of the column represented by columnName.<br /> <br /> As with the <code>orderBy()</code> method, <code>withCondition()</code> can also be used multiple times.<br /><br />
withIds(long[] ids)|[BingAdsAccountSelector](./BingAdsAccountSelector)|Returns a selector by specifying the list of IDs to filter Bing Ads accounts in this selector. The input argument can accept a maximum of 10,000 IDs. If any more IDs are provided, any subsequent get() call on this selector will fail with an error.<br />
withLimit(int limit)|[BingAdsAccountSelector](./BingAdsAccountSelector)|Returns a selector with as many Bing Ads accounts as specified by the limit argument selected from the beginning in this selector.<br />
